I told you already
He is not a good person
Favorability increased by 40
Are you injured?
Favorability increased by 60
I know I'm wrong
Can you please forgive me?
You just saw it
He is the fake rich second generation
He lied to me
I'm single now
We start over
Is it the same as before?
Double the favorability, double the favorability
Congratulations to the host
Successfully turned Wang Shiyu into his own dog
You can get 10 times the reward for spending money
I'll give you everything I've given you before.
That's right
Wang Shiyu, the way you treat the poor and the rich
It's really different.
Women like you
Do you feel like you can't walk when you see money?
I was wrong
I know you're different now.
You have money now
It's not impossible for you to let me be your licker now
Ling Feng, I will compensate you.
No need. The Tian Gou Linfeng of the past is already dead.
Don't you want a breakup fee?
You just need to yell three times that I am a gold digger
This 500,000 yuan breakup fee
Even if I reward you